Picking Up Pennies In Front Of Dueling Steam Rollers
You've demonstrated a bit of a knack for making markets as a sell-sider, so we've hired you at Potter, Anderson, and Manning to take on a bit more challenging of a market.

FearRock Holdings (FRH) is a bit of an odd duck. Their quarterly reports show a ludicrously profitable business... but, well, some of their business practices are a little... questionable. The underlying product may or may not actually do what they claim it does. Also, their CFO has a degree in screenwriting, and his ability to spin epic tales utterly disconnected from material reality and have people believe in them for an hour or two is legendary.

Or at least that is what Al Bickman, noted hedge fund investor, says. And he hasn't been quiet about it, either -- he walked over to their corporate office and literally nailed 97 PowerPoint slides to their door yesterday.

The last slide was the disclaimer: "My fund holds no position in FearRock Holdings, but we will soon, and it will strike with the anger of an avenging god."

It was a publicly stunt, but it worked. Chatter on the Street was at a dull roar... until an hour ago, when it went nuclear.

Noted activist investor, Ian Cahan, defended the company. He said that not only does he trust their management, he's a long-time client, and thinks their offering is the best in the industry.

"Haters are gonna hate hate hate. Bickman is a gadfly who got lucky once in the 90s and hasn't had an original thought in his entire career. The shorts are depressing the stock of a job-creating American corporation, but hey, it's a free country. I believe in this great country, which is why my fund will continue accumulating FRH. Bickman will have to cover his short before he gallivants off on his next crusade."

Bickman fired back: "I fully intend to cover my short... at zero."

It's on. FearRock Holdings is a quirky duck: it only trades on HappyLaw Vienna Exchange (HLVEX), due to a consent decree they entered with the CES a few years ago. This forces Cahan and Bickman to establish their positions on a lit exchange.

Naturally, they're not the only people with interest in the stock -- regular investors transact in it every day. Market maker interest in FearRock Holdings has cratered, though -- the prospect of two titans dueling it out makes making the market a very, very risky endeavor.

That's great news for us, right? Less competition means we get to charge wider spreads. Only one problem: at any moment, one or the other could send in an order and totally blow us out.

So, umm, don't get blown out. Take account PAM86664545, make the market, and don't die.

Your Goal
Make $250,000 in profit while minimizing your exposure to FearRock Holdings.
Cahan and Bickman are going to periodically send in orders, and we assume they'll be massive. Avoid getting crushed.
You'll Be Fired If
Excessive risk. Watch out -- taking the other side of a single order from one of the big guys could easily result in the risk desk terminating your position (and you with it).
Losing money. We're picking up pennies in front of a bulldozer. If at any point you go quite negative, you're doing it wrong -- expect the risk desk to fire you.
Starfighter Notes
All corporations and individuals mentioned in this level are works of fiction. They bear no resemblance to any real corporation or person.

What. Stop laughing.
